[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Upon arrival, Luffy entered
a fighting tournament
that promises the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion.
Meanwhile, a toy soldier
hoping to take down Doflamingo
tells Usopp, Robin,
and Franky about
a tragedy that occurred in
Dressrosa ten years ago.
[DOLDO]
Stop!
If there's no way to prevent me
from hurting my own people...
[DOLDO] Someone! Anyone!
Please! Kill me!
[DOFLAMINGO cackling]
We have come to rescue
this broken kingdom.
So say hello to your new ruler,
Don Quixote Doflamingo!
In just a single night,
the kingdom fell
into the vile hands
of Doflamingo.
Regrettably we fell for it, too.
Thinking that King Riku
had lost his mind,
we reached out to the new king
and were duped into
our current circumstances.
I'm so ashamed of myself
for ever trusting him.
So sad! That's a real shame.
It must be so frustrating
to know the once beloved
king of this country
was set up and tragically
died a hated man.
Not quite. For King Riku
is still alive.
While a good number surrendered,
many men lost
their lives that day.
But even when you
add up those numbers,
it doesn't account for
a kingdom's full army.
But I do believe, even with
their muddled minds,
that everyone turned into a toy
must feel vengeful
towards Doflamingo.
The key to our victory
lies with them.
That unknown quantity of
downtrodden and
silenced individuals.
[LUFFY]
"A Showdown Between Warlords!
Law vs. Doflamingo!"
Hey! You needed to talk to me?
I'm up here, you guys!
Luffy!
[KIN'EMON gasping]
Shh, shh!
Stop yelling so loud, would ya?
Somebody's gonna find us out!
[KIN'EMON]
Shh, shh! You, too!
[LUFFY] Oh, sorry!
I was just happy to see you!
Ah, so you met with
that green-haired man?
I was somewhat reticent
about trusting him at first,
but he seemed quite eager to
offer his assistance to us.
[ZORO]
Where is he now?
[LUFFY] I dunno, he just like
passed out, or something.
[ZORO] Passed out?
What is wrong with that guy?
[LUFFY]
Beats me.
There you are,
Straw Hat. Finally.
So Joker is ordering me
to murder Straw Hat now?
Make sure it's done
before the competition ends.
You do want to
become an executive
of the Family, don't you?
[BELLAMY] Nothing personal,
this is just the way it is.
[BELLAMY] I'm getting on
Doflamingo's ship,
no matter what it takes!
You can do it!
Keep hangin' in there!
[BELLAMY] I'm not gonna hold
a grudge against you anymore.
Either way,
I'm done laughing at you.
[LUFFY] I dunno, maybe
he's sick or something,
he was acting real weird.
But whatever. Hm?
[ZORO]
Did something happen? Hey!
[LUFFY]
Nah, nothing.
Anyway, it's like
a maze in here, you guys.
I keep getting lost.
[DELLINGER]
Ee! There you are, Bellamy!
[BELLAMY gasps]
[DELLINGER] So, have you
murdered him yet?
[laughs] I bet you haven't,
you big dummy!
[grunts] Dellinger. I'm busy!
[DELLINGER laughs]
Well, if you're standing there
and not murdering Straw Hat,
then I say you're
not busy enough!
You need me to give
you a hand? [laughs]
Buzz off!
He's a lot stronger than you!
We expected you'd screw it up!
But y'know, it doesn't
matter if you fail!
In fact, the whole thing never
mattered in the first place!
What d'you mean?
The assassination
order was mostly just
an attempt to get you
out of the way.
It's annoying how
you keep trying to
win our approval, y'know!
That's why I'm gonna finish
you off, right here and now.
On the young master's order.
[BELLAMY]
No, that can't be.
[DELLINGER]
Oops! I shouldn't have said
that part out loud, huh?
Ee! Sorry! [laughs]
He wants me dead?
That's enough chit-chat.
Time to die.
[BELLAMY groans]
[DELLINGER laughs] Didn't think
I was kidding, did you?
[LAW]
Room!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Why are you running away?
I thought you
wanted to kill me!
[LAW]
Room!
Takt!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LAW grunts]
Scalpel!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
He talks big.
But look at that--
Worn out already!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
You can't escape me, brat!
Now, Room!
[LAW]
And Shambles!
What the hell?
That Op Op Fruit
of yours is handy.
For the moment, at least.
Though I did notice,
there seems to be
a limit to how much
you can use its power.
You've already dealt with
Fujitora's meteor,
had a scuffle with me,
and bailed out Black Leg.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
How much more've you got, huh?
[panting]
Bullet String!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Now, Room!
Hurry up!
[LAW groans]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
So? Now what, Law?
[DOFLAMINGO] So close!
Dressrosa's right there!
[panting]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LAW panting]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
[DIAMANTE]
Hey. Doffy.
Is that Diamante?
[LAW yells]
[DIAMANTE]
Oh, sorry.
You in the middle of
some business right now?
[DOFLAMINGO]
No, it's nothing. Go ahead.
Violet betrayed us and
she's making a run for it.
Huh. Seeing as
Black Leg is still alive,
I s'pose I should've
expected as much.
[DIAMANTE] So, needless to say,
we weren't able to use
her Glare-Glare power
to figure out
what the Straw Hats were up to.
Still in the dark
on that, I'm afraid.
[DOFLAMINGO] Don't worry,
it's all under control.
So, here's the deal.
I need you to deploy
Lao G and the others
to the entrance of
the SMILE Factory.
[DIAMANTE]
Whoa-whoa, no can do!
We've already announced
that those guys'll be
participating in the finals--
The crowd's gonna be angry.
[DOFLAMINGO] They've got you!
That's more than enough!
Stop! You make it sound like
I'm some kinda genius!
[DOFLAMINGO] That's exactly
what you are, my friend!
No, no, I'm nothing
of the sort, honestly!
[DOFLAMINGO] You're the
only one who can do this.
Fine, I'm a genius--
You can count on me! Whoo!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
[LAW] Damn it, are you
toying with me?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Is that a problem?
You're trying to act as a decoy
to keep me busy, aren't you?
And in the meantime,
the Straw Hats are planning
to destroy my factory.
Even if you die here,
as long as the factory's
destroyed, your plan succeeds.
Because Kaido will kill me
when I can no longer
produce SMILEs for him.
That's how your
scenario goes, isn't it?
But you used up
your power too quickly
and hardly bought
any time at all.
The Straw Hats can't seem
to pull it together, either.
[DOFLAMINGO] You went on about
how you were just using them.
But if you didn't have
the utmost faith
in Straw Hat and his crew,
then the plan would never
work in the first place.
So where does that come from?
Why do you trust that kid?
Because I know that the D
will bring a new storm.
So? What'd you
need me for, Zoro?
First off. There's a
tournament going on
and you didn't even tell me!
I wanna fight, too, you know!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Oops. Sorry.
I've been running around
town like a damn fool,
while you're having fun!
Now, now, that's not what
we came here for, Sir Zoro.
[ZORO] By the way,
I can't believe you were
letting that old man
kick your ass!
What were you doing?
[LUFFY] I beat him in the end!
Didn't you see my...
That's him. No mistaking it!
[MARINE A]
Vice Admiral Bastille!
As I thought, that was
Pirate Hunter Zoro back there.
And the guy in the
coliseum he's talking to--
I'm almost positive
that's Straw Hat Luffy!
[BASTILLE] So he was
the winner from Block C?
"Lucy," right? Well, that
explains why he was so strong.
Then it looks like
Smoker had it right--
The Straw Hats are in Dressrosa.
Should we capture them?
No. Let's leave them be for now.
Think about it for a second.
As we speak, that coliseum is
swimming with infamous pirates,
deadly bounty hunters,
and mercenaries
from the all over New World.
Sure, we could burst in
there and capture Straw Hat,
but that would make a scene.
We don't want to
alert the others yet.
If we wait for all of
those snakes to slither
their way out of the coliseum,
they'll fall
right into our trap.
Then we can capture the lot
of them in one fell swoop.
Well, let's see who's
been eliminated.
Biggest is Don Chin Jao.
Then there's...
Who's Sai? Boo? And Abdullah?
I wrote this down, but I
don't know them at all.
Any of these names
ring a bell to you?
[BASTILLE] Huh? Is that supposed
to be some kind of joke?
They're famous criminals,
known for running wild
in the New World!
Who did you say?
Oh, um, Sai,
Boo, and Abdullah.
[MARINE A]
They're famous, huh?
[MARINE B]
Don't know 'em.
[MARINE C]
That's weird.
Actually, can't say those names
ring a bell, after all.
Hmm. Wait a sec.
Who were we supposed
to capture again? Hmm.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B ringing]
Am I using this snail correctly?
What're you trying to do?
Sir Sanji requested that I call
him once we found Sir Luffy.
I see. Oh, and Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[ZORO] The coliseum is
surrounded by Marines,
by the way.
[KIN'EMON] That was our big news
and you don't even care?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL C ringing]
[CHOPPER] Sanji! The
Transponder Snail is ringing!
[SANJI]
Huh? Must be Kin'emon.
[MOMONOSUKE]
If that's the case,
then please allow
me to answer it!
[BROOK]
No, this is business!
This is the Sunny here!
[LUFFY]
Hey, Sanji, it's me!
Hi, Luffy!
All right, Chopper, now call
Usopp on the other one.
[CHOPPER]
On it.
'Kay!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL D ringing]
Cu-lick.
This is Usopp! Hey!
That's everybody!
We're missing Law,
but he can catch up with
the news later, I'm sure.
Okay, you guys. It's Sanji!
We've got Nami, Chopper,
Brook, and Momonosuke here.
And Caesar, I guess.
Give us a status update, please.
Right, this is Kin'emon.
I'm with Sir Luffy.
And Sir Zoro as well,
in front of the coliseum.
All right. So what
about you, Usopp?
[USOPP]
For starters, we--
Wow! This is Franky here!
Kickin' it with Usopp and Robin!
[USOPP]
Gimme a break!
Okay, check this out.
We made some friends.
Guys that call themselves
the King Riku Army,
sworn enemies of Doflamingo.
[SANJI]
An army?
Of Little People.
[LUFFY]
Really?
[LEO] Hey, Usoland! What are
you doing over there, huh?
[gasps] It's a hero meeting!
A top-secret one!
[ALL gasp]
Understood!
[ALL]
Please excuse us, sir!
[sighs]
[FRANKY] Anyway, Luffy,
here's the thing.
You remember that
Toy Soldier dude
we met in front of
the coliseum earlier?
Uh-huh. But about
the Little People!
It turns out
that toy is the commander
of this here army.
[LUFFY]
Of the Little People?
Yeah.
And the thing is,
this army is planning on
taking down Doflamingo,
like pronto. Today even.
Hold on.
[REBECCA] I believe that
he can save this kingdom.
But he wants to sacrifice
his life to do it!
Hey! I heard something
about that soldier!
Earlier, Rebecca said
she wants to stop him!
Don't do it!
Tell the army to wait!
[FRANKY]
Not a chance!
We need to do the
exact opposite of that!
So wait, you said you
talked to Rebecca?
[LUFFY]
Yeah! And she's really nice,
so I want to help her out!
Even though she's poor,
she bought me three lunchboxes!
But when she went to fight,
the whole audience hated her!
They don't know anything!
[FRANKY] Yeah. I'm with you
on that one, brother.
[FRANKY]
Luffy. I'm sorry.
But I don't think I can
follow Traffy's plan.
[ALL gasp]
[USOPP] Whoa, Franky,
where'd that come from?
Let me lay this out
how I remember it.
We're s'pposed to destroy
the SMILE factory,
but then we keep Doflamingo
around to use against Kaido?
Nah, man.
It just ain't fair.
What happens to all the people
who wanna take
that bastard down?
[FRANKY]
We can't stop 'em, anyway.
Even though this kingdom
seems like a happy place,
these guys know how
dark it really is.
And right now, they're
getting ready to strike down
that darkness with
all they've got,
even if it costs
them their lives!
Sure, they're small, but they've
got some really big balls!
This little army is
brave as hell,
staring down an enemy
that's pure evil!
I can't just leave 'em
to die. I'm sorry.
[FRANKY] It's not right to just
destroy the factory and bail.
As long as Doflamingo's
in charge, that's bad news.
Luffy! I think you're a
great captain and all, but...
...I gotta fight!
Wow, Franky.
[REBECCA] He won't make it
this time. He'll die.
[LUFFY]
Franky!
Kick some ass out there!
We'll back you up real soon!
[FRANKY]
Wow! Thanks, brother!
All right. We're heading back.
[BROOK, CHOPPER, NAMI]
What?
It always ends up this way!
[MARINES scream]
[MARINE E gasps]
What's that?
[MARINE F]
Is the city under attack?
[MARINE G] Issho, sir, there's a
big fight happening in the city!
We'd better hurry.
[USOPP]
That was loud!
You got something
going on over there?
This does not look promising.
And it's coming this way.
[BOTH gasp]
What just happened? I can't see!
You guys okay?
What the?
[MARINE OFFICER A]
Uhm, Vice Admiral Bastille?
Follow me, Marines.
[BASTILLE]
What the hell is happening?
[LUFFY]
Doflamingo!
Traffy!
Damn brat.
What's going on? Traffy!
Why are you fighting with Mingo?
You just had to push your luck.
[LAW]
Cora... I--
[LUFFY]
Traffy!
[NARRATOR] After Luffy's
group of allied pirates
find themselves
fenced in by the Navy,
the Straw Hats finally
spring into action.
Retrieving Law,
destroying the factory,
and Rebecca's wish.
Thinking of all these
things inspires Luffy
to let out a mighty battle cry
before the final round.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Two Great Rivals
Meet Each Other!
Straw Hat and Heavenly Demon!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!